README.md, before:

# 🎯 AI Lead Generation Agent - Powered by Firecrawl's Extract Endpoint
AI Lead Generation Agent that automatically discovers and qualifies potential leads from Quora. Using Firecrawl for intelligent web scraping, Phidata for agent orchestration, and Composio for Google Sheets integration, you'll create a system that can continuously generate and organize qualified leads with minimal human intervention!

![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL1.jpg) 

Here's what it does:                    
↳ Finds potential leads from online discussions                                      
↳ Extracts user profiles using intelligent web scraping                  
↳ Organizes qualified leads in Google Sheets                     
↳ Runs on autopilot without human supervision        

![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL2.jpg) 
           
The best part?                 
It's built with tools anyone can use:                    

→ **Firecrawl** for smart web scraping                     
→ **phidata** for agent orchestration                      
→ **Composio** for Google Sheets integration                       
→ **OpenAI GPT-4o** for lead qualification                            
       
- No more manual searching.            
- No more copy-pasting.                   
- No more spreadsheet updating.                         
                                           
Your sales team can finally focus on what matters:                 
Building relationships and closing deals.                       
         

## Features🌟

- **🎯 Targeted Search**: Uses Firecrawl's search endpoint to find relevant Quora URLs based on your search criteria
  
- **💡 Intelligent Extraction**: Leverages Firecrawl's new Extract endpoint to pull user information from Quora profiles
  
- **⚙️ Automated Processing**: Formats extracted user information into a clean, structured format
  
- **💻 Google Sheets Integration**: Automatically creates and populates Google Sheets with lead information
  
- **✍️ Customizable Criteria**: Allows you to define specific search parameters to find your ideal leads for your niche
  

![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL3.jpg) 


The AI Lead Generation Agent automates the process of finding and qualifying potential leads from Quora. It uses Firecrawl's search and the new Extract endpoint to identify relevant user profiles, extract valuable information, and organize it into a structured format in Google Sheets. This agent helps sales and marketing teams efficiently build targeted lead lists while saving hours of manual research!!!


![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL4.jpg) 

## ⚡How to Get Started

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent.git
   cd AI-Lead-Generation-Agent
   ```
3. **Install the required packages**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. **Important thing to do in composio**:
    - in the terminal, run this command: `composio add googlesheets`
    - In your compposio dashboard, create a new google sheet intergation and make sure it is active in the active integrations/connections tab

5. **Set up your API keys**:
   - Get your Firecrawl API key from [Firecrawl's website](https://www.firecrawl.dev/app/api-keys)
   - Get your Composio API key from [Composio's website](https://composio.ai)
   - Get your OpenAI API key from [OpenAI's website](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys)

6. **Run the application**:
   ```bash
   streamlit run ai_lead_generation_agent.py
   ```


Happy coding! 🚀✨

## ©️ License 🪪 

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

#### **If you like this LLM Project do drop ⭐ to this repo**
#### Follow me on [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gurpreetkaurjethra/) &nbsp; [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/)

---

Commit message:

Add copilot instructions, update README for Gemini integration, and remove unused files
- Created `copilot-instructions.md` for project documentation.
- Updated `README.md` to reflect changes in API usage from OpenAI to Gemini.
- Added `.streamlit/secrets.toml` to `.gitignore` for local secrets management.
- Removed unused image files and the LICENSE file.
- Updated `requirements.txt` to ensure compatibility with new dependencies.

README.md, after:

# 🎯 AI Lead Generation Agent - Powered by Firecrawl's Extract Endpoint
AI Lead Generation Agent that automatically discovers and qualifies potential leads from Quora. Using Firecrawl for intelligent web scraping, Phidata for agent orchestration, and Composio for Google Sheets integration, you'll create a system that can continuously generate and organize qualified leads with minimal human intervention!

![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL1.jpg) 

Here's what it does:                    
↳ Finds potential leads from online discussions                                      
↳ Extracts user profiles using intelligent web scraping                  
↳ Organizes qualified leads in Google Sheets                     
↳ Runs on autopilot without human supervision        

![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL2.jpg) 
           
The best part?                 
It's built with tools anyone can use:                    

→ **Firecrawl** for smart web scraping                     
→ **phidata** for agent orchestration                      
→ **Composio** for Google Sheets integration                       
→ **Gemini (gemini-2.5-pro)** for prompt transformation and lead targeting
       
- No more manual searching.            
- No more copy-pasting.                   
- No more spreadsheet updating.                         
                                           
Your sales team can finally focus on what matters:                 
Building relationships and closing deals.                       
         

## Features🌟

- **🎯 Targeted Search**: Uses Firecrawl's search endpoint to find relevant Quora URLs based on your search criteria
  
- **💡 Intelligent Extraction**: Leverages Firecrawl's new Extract endpoint to pull user information from Quora profiles
  
- **⚙️ Automated Processing**: Formats extracted user information into a clean, structured format
  
- **💻 Google Sheets Integration**: Automatically creates and populates Google Sheets with lead information
  
- **✍️ Customizable Criteria**: Allows you to define specific search parameters to find your ideal leads for your niche
  

![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL3.jpg) 


The AI Lead Generation Agent automates the process of finding and qualifying potential leads from Quora. It uses Firecrawl's search and the new Extract endpoint to identify relevant user profiles, extract valuable information, and organize it into a structured format in Google Sheets. This agent helps sales and marketing teams efficiently build targeted lead lists while saving hours of manual research!!!


![AI Lead Generation Agent](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent/blob/main/IMG_AILG/AIL4.jpg) 

## ⚡How to Get Started

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/AI-Lead-Generation-Agent.git
   cd AI-Lead-Generation-Agent
   ```
3. **Install the required packages**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. **Important thing to do in Composio**:
    - in the terminal, run this command: `composio add googlesheets`
    - In your compposio dashboard, create a new google sheet intergation and make sure it is active in the active integrations/connections tab

5. **Set up your API keys**:
   - Get your Firecrawl API key from [Firecrawl's website](https://www.firecrawl.dev/app/api-keys)
   - Provide Gemini API keys (you can use multiple; comma-separated) from Google AI Studio
   - Provide your Composio API key with Google Sheets integration enabled

6. **Run the application**:
   ```bash
   streamlit run ai_lead_generation_agent.py
   ```


Happy coding! 🚀✨

## ©️ License 🪪 

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

#### **If you like this LLM Project do drop ⭐ to this repo**
#### Follow me on [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gurpreetkaurjethra/) &nbsp; [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/GURPREETKAURJETHRA/)

---
